The Electricity Network Reinforcement and Expansion Project (ENREP) in Ethiopia will strengthen the national grid and expand access in both urban and rural areas. Ethiopia faces low per capita income, rapidly rising electricity demand, an aging and overloaded network, high technical losses, and limited household access to modern electricity. The national utility, Ethiopian Electric Power Corporation (EEPCO), also faces capacity constraints and heavy debt that threaten financial viability. ENREP aims to improve reliability of the electricity network and to increase access to electricity services in Ethiopia. The project finances four linked areas: reinforcement and expansion of transmission and distribution lines, a scale-up of household and village connections, a market development and credit facility for renewable energy and energy efficient products, and technical modernization support to utilities and institutions. EEPCO will implement network and access work, the Development Bank of Ethiopia (DBE) will run the credit line with participating microfinance institutions, and the Ministry of Water and Energy (MOWE) will provide market development and technical support. Project coordination will use EEPCO project units and a project implementation unit (PIU) for reporting, and EEPCO and DBE teams will provide annual and quarterly monitoring data respectively. The project cost is about US$250 million, financed by an International Development Association (IDA) credit of US$200 million, a US$25 million complementary loan from the OPEC Fund for International Development, and about US$50 million from the government and project partners. Key monitoring indicators include network reliability measured by System Average Interruption Frequency and Duration Index (SAIFI and SAIDI), number of households receiving access to electricity and energy efficient products by grid and off-grid, and number of direct project beneficiaries with percent female. Numeric targets for these indicators are not specified in provided text.